1. Describe your data structures and algorithms (not meant as "C++ Algorithms").
   
   Data structures: 
   When use enters a file name, we stored the name into a string and the numer
of stories into an integer.
   Then, we cretaed an array of struct Story, and read each line of the file 
into a string which is then stored into the appropriate data type of each
structure. 
   Then, to find mode, we used an int array to store the scores of all the 
stories. 
    Then we used the same array of structures to display appropriate output
to screen.

    Algorithms:
    In the main function, we used a do-while loop to control the entire reading-
writing process as well as whether the user wants to begin another round.
    In readInput() function, we used a while loop to read each line of the file
and store the information into the appropriate element of the structure.
    In findMode(), we first used a for-loop to store the scores of all stories 
into an array, then, after sorting the array, we used a for-loop to find the 
mode of all scores. 
    In displayScreen(), we used while loops to display all the relevent data
to output, depending on whether there is a mode or not.


2. Explain any design choices you decided to make.
    
    We assumed that the input files would always be formatted the same way.
    We decided to use an array of structures to store the information of all the
stories, instead of creating one array for each type of data for the stories. 
3. Add instructions on how to compile and run the program on the GDC lab
machines.
    
3. Add instructions on how to compile and run the program on the GDC lab
machines.

    To compile and run, download main.cpp file and relevent inout files. Then
in terminal, navigate to the correct directory where the files are stored. Make
sure you can read, write, and execute the program with chmod +rwx. Then, type in
“g++ project1_hz6973_zz7877.cpp -o project1_hz6973_zz7877” and then 
“./project1_hz6973_zz7877” to compile and run.

